Add docs (#276)
ericmj/rebar3_hex: README.md

[![Erlang Versions](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supported%20Erlang%2FOTP-22.0%20to%2024.0-blue)](http://www.erlang.org)

rebar3_hex is a rebar3 plugin which bundles providers for interacting with the Erlang ecosystem package manager [hex.pm](https://hex.pm/).

## Setup

Add to your global rebar3 config in `~/.config/rebar3/rebar.config`:

```erlang
{plugins, [rebar3_hex]}.
```

Alternatively, you can add to your project's rebar3 config in project plugins : 

```erlang
{project_plugins, [rebar3_hex]}.
```

**NOTE** : Be sure **not** to add `rebar3_hex` to the plugins section within a projects rebar3 config as this will 
become a dependency for others downloading your package from hex.pm

### Documentation

rebar3_hex by default expects you to configure a documentation provider. We recommend using
[rebar3_ex_doc](https://hexdocs.pm/rebar3_ex_doc/) for publishing documentation along with your package for a 
consistent format and style on [hex.pm](https://hex.pm/). 

Example : 

```erlang

{ex_doc, [
    {source_url, <<"https://github.com/namespace/your_app">>},
    {extras, [<<"README.md">>, <<"LICENSE">>]},
    {main, <<"readme">>}
]}.

{hex, [{doc, ex_doc}]}.
```

> Alternatively you can use the edoc provider that ships with rebar3 : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, or on Erlang versions older than OTP-24, you can use the edoc provider that ships with rebar3 : 
```

```erlang
{hex, [{doc, edoc}]}.
```

## Basic usage 

> You should read the [docs](https://hexdocs.pm/rebar3_hex/) for a complete over for each provider, but below is a

Reviewer: not a working link

brief overview of basic usage. 

### Authenticating User

If you already have a user for [hex.pm](https://hex.pm) run:

```shell
$ rebar3 hex user auth
```

Note that this will ask for your hex.pm username and password, as well as a password for encrypting your api token that 
has write permissions to the repository. When publishing a package you will have to give this password to decrypt the 
token in order to publish.

> See the [docs](https://hexdocs.pm/rebar3_hex/rebar3_hex_user.html) for more information.

Reviewer: Not a working link.

Also: https://hex.pm/docs/rebar3_publish and others may need updates?

Author: Right, these links won't work until v7 is published. Will have to do a PR to hex.pm and rebar3.org as well. Chicken and egg problem though, thoughts?

output carefully and make sure it is publishing what you expected.

### Managing package owners 

Owners can be added, removed, and listed for packages you are an owner of with the `hex owner` command. Packages
can also be transfered to other registered users on hexpm as well. 

``` shell
$ rebar3 hex owner [add | remove | list | transfer] <package> <email>
```

See the [docs](https://hexdocs.pm/rebar3_hex/rebar3_hex_owner.html) for more information.

### Retiring packages 

Packages can be flagged as retired on hexpm via the `retire` provider : 

```
$ rebar3 hex retire PACKAGE VERSION REASON --message
```

They can also be unretired in case a mistake was made : 

```
$ rebar3 hex retire PACKAGE VERSION --unretire 
```

See the [docs](https://hexdocs.pm/rebar3_hex/rebar3_hex_retire.html) for more information.

### Organizations

rebar3_hex supports working with organizations via the `organization` provider. 

Simply add your organization to either your global rebar.config (i.e., `~/.config/rebar3/rebar.config` ) or a local
project rebar.config. 

```erlang
{hex, [{repos, [#{name => <<"hexpm:your_org">>}]}]}.
```

> Now simply authenticate with with the organization repository. Be sure you have already authenticated with the main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can then authenticate with with the organization repository. Be sure you have already authenticated with the main
```
(I tend to always drop 'simple' or 'simply' and let the user judge of that; it's to avoid an effect where we keep saying something is simple but they find it hard and then think they're not good enough to use things).

Author: I like it.

> repository first. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
repository first:
```

```

> $ rebar3 hex organization auth hexpm:your_org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ rebar3 hex auth    # make sure you're authenticated to the main repo first 
$ rebar3 hex organization auth hexpm:your_org  # authenticate to the org
```

consider something like this, such that the preliminary step is part of the basic instructions.
